[Music]
know
fore
[Music]
in the canonist refugee camp the bodies
kept coming today this was the funeral
of the Hajj family they were asleep in
their beds when the Israeli air strike
hit flattening their
home they didn't Warners says their
neighbor it was the first time they've
hit a house without any
warning the fact that um an individual
is associated with a Palestinian
military group does not make the
apartment of that person into a military
Target nor does it make the entire
building with all the other apartments
in there into a military
Target Hamas is killing its own
civilians when you put a family as a
human shield defending missile launchers
when you hide missiles and weapons
within hospitals you are responsible for
killing your own
[Music]
civilians